Fleet: Add migration content (#662)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/upgrade-elastic-agent.asciidoc

[[upgrade-elastic-agent]]
[role="xpack"]

> = Upgrade {stack} and {agent}

Reviewer: I think it is worth the effort - I bet some folks will tinker around and upgrade without reading docs so their Agents will go offline and THEN they'll wonder why (and may read them then).  A quick blurb may do wonders.

> = Upgrade {stack} and {agent}

Author: @dedemorton @EricDavisX Created a PR in the Stack docs to cover this: https://github.com/elastic/stack-docs/pull/1672

experimental[]

[discrete]
[[upgrade-fleet]]

> == Upgrade to {fleet-server}

Reviewer 2: I'd put this section at the bottom. People will have to upgrade their agents more often than upgrading FLeet server to 7.13. THat is a one time change.

Author: Thanks. I changed the heading to Upgrade from 7.12 or lower.

As part of the 7.13 release, we introduce <<fleet-server,{fleet-server}>>,
a mechanism to connect your {agent}s to {fleet}. 

[WARNING]
====
When you upgrade to 7.13 from 7.12 or lower, please note the following:

* All of your existing {agent}s will be automatically unenrolled from {fleet} and will stop sending data.
* Before you can add your {agent}s again to {fleet}, you must have {fleet-server} running.
* All of your policies will be migrated.
====

[discrete]

> [[upgrade-your-stack]]

Author: Will do. Thanks.

<<elastic-agent-upgrade-command,`upgrade`>> command.

[discrete]
[[upgrade-7.12-lower]]
== Upgrade from 7.12 or lower

As part of the 7.13 release, we introduce <<fleet-server,{fleet-server}>>,
a mechanism to connect your {agent}s to {fleet}. 

[WARNING]
====
When you upgrade to 7.13 from 7.12 or lower, please note the following:

* All of your existing {agent}s will be automatically unenrolled from {fleet} and will stop sending data.
* Before you can add your {agent}s again to {fleet}, you must have {fleet-server} running.
* All of your policies will be migrated.
====

[discrete]
[[fleet-prereqs-upgrade]]
=== Prerequisite

You must upgrade your deployment to 7.13. If your deployment is running in our {ess-product}[hosted {ess}]
on {ecloud}, see {cloud}/ec-upgrade-deployment.html[Upgrade versions]. If you are running a self-managed
deployment, see {stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[Upgrading the {stack}].

[discrete]
[[set-up-fleet-server]]
=== Step 1: Set up {fleet-server}

Here’s what you need to set up {fleet-server} for each deployment type:

--
include::{tab-widgets}/upgrade-fleet-widget.asciidoc[]
--

[discrete]
[[reenroll-agent]]

> === Step 2: Install and enroll {agent}s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Step 2: Install and enroll {agent} on more hosts
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
When you upgrade to 7.13 from 7.12 or lower, you may see the following error message in the {es} logs:

`Authentication using apikey failed - api key has been invalidated`

Before installing and enrolling your {agent}s, make sure to uninstall your previous {agent}s.
See <<uninstall-elastic-agent>>.
====

> {fleet-server} and {agent} running on {fleet-server} all run on the same version.

Reviewer 3: One small comment: I don't understand this sentence. Fleet Server and Elastic Agent running on Fleet Server? Doesn't Fleet Server run on Elastic Agent?

Reviewer: I agree, let me make a suggestion for this and the next line.  It touches on the question I put into email in the last hour about what Fleet Server is (a stack component) or just an implementation detail that could / should be hidden.  I think it is more part of the stack, which just happens to be running on an edge host by the Elastic Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the perspective of the given host, {fleet-server} will be running with the version of the installed {agent} that started it.
```

> Any {agent} enrolling in {fleet-server} must match this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any other {agent}s enrolling with a given {fleet-server} must have a version equal to or lower than the {fleet-server}'s version.```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And note that {fleet-server} is required as of, and starting with version 7.13.0.```
